Enhance the explanation for the group filter (#503)
goharbor/website: docs/administration/configure-authentication/oidc-auth.md

   ![LDAP authentication](../../../img/select-oidc-auth.png)
1. Enter information about your OIDC provider.   
   - **Primary Auth Mode**: Whether to use the OIDC mode as the primary auth mode.
{{< note >}}
To override and login via DB is possible when visiting the URL '/account/sign-in' explicitly
{{< /note >}}   
   - **OIDC Provider Name**: The name of the OIDC provider.
   - **OIDC Provider Endpoint**: The URL of the endpoint of the OIDC provider.
   - **OIDC Client ID**: The client ID with which Harbor is registered as  client application with the OIDC provider.
   - **OIDC Client Secret**: The secret for the Harbor client application.

>    - **OIDC Group Filter**: The [regular expression](https://pkg.go.dev/regexp/syntax) to filter OIDC groups.Only the groups that match the provided regular express will be added to Harbor. It only filter the groups, doesn’t limit the users login to Harbor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **OIDC Group Filter**: The [regular expression](https://pkg.go.dev/regexp/syntax) to filter OIDC groups.Only the groups that match the provided regular express will be added to Harbor. It only filters the groups and doesn’t limit the user's login to Harbor.
```
